feat: Updating integrations section (#536)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/integrations/index.mdx

---
title: Integrations
description: Learn how to integrate Apify platform with other services, your systems, data pipelines, and other web automation workflows.
sidebar_position: 11
category: platform
slug: /integrations
---

import Card from "@site/src/components/Card";
import CardGrid from "@site/src/components/CardGrid";

# Integrations

> **Learn how to integrate Apify platform with other services, your systems, data pipelines, and other web automation workflows.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Learn how to integrate the Apify platform with other services, your systems, data pipelines, and other web automation workflows.**
```

 > The whole is greater than the sum of its parts.
 >
 > 👴 *Aristotle*

Integrations allow you to combine separate applications and take advantage of their combined capabilities. Automation of these online processes increases your productivity. That’s why we made Apify in a way that allows you to connect it with practically any cloud service or web app - and make it part of your larger projects.

## Built-in integrations

Apify‘s RESTful API allows you to interact with the platform programmatically, and HTTP webhooks notify you and your services when important events happen. By using API you can start Actors, retrieve their results, or basically do anything you can do in platform UI

<CardGrid>
    <Card
        title="API"

>         desc="Control Apify platform programmatically from your code."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        desc="Control the Apify platform programmatically from your code."
```

        to="/platform/integrations/api"
        smallImage
    />
    <Card
        title="Webhooks"
        desc="Trigger external events when your actor run fails or succeeds."
        to="/platform/integrations/webhooks"
        smallImage
    />
</CardGrid><br />

> Apify offers easy-to-set-up solutions for common scenarios. Like uploading your datasets to Google Drive when the run succeeds or creating an issue on GitHub when it fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apify offers easy-to-set-up solutions for common scenarios, like uploading your datasets to Google Drive when the run succeeds or creating an issue on GitHub when it fails.
```

        smallImage
    />
</CardGrid>

## Data pipelines, ETLs, and AI/LLM tools

Apify platform integrates with popular ETL and data pipeline services, enabling you to integrate Apify Actors directly into your data integration processes.

<CardGrid>
    <Card
        title="Keboola"
        to="https://help.apify.com/en/articles/2003234-keboola-integration"
        imageUrl="/img/platform/integrations/keboola.svg"
        smallImage
    />
    <Card
        title="Airbyte"
        to="https://docs.airbyte.io/integrations/sources/apify-dataset"
        imageUrl="/img/platform/integrations/airbyte.svg"
        smallImage
    />
    <Card
        title="Hevo"
        to="https://docs.hevodata.com/sources/engg-analytics/apify/"
        imageUrl="/img/platform/integrations/hevo.svg"
        smallImage
    />
</CardGrid><br />

If you are working on an AI/LLM related project then we recommend you to look into the Langchain integration.

<CardGrid>
    <Card
        title="Langchain"
        to="./integrations/langchain"
        imageUrl="/img/platform/integrations/langchain.png"
        smallImage
    />
</CardGrid>

## Other Actors

> At last, explore the [Apify Store](https://apify.com/store) for Actors that may help with the integration into your stack as, for example, [MongoDB Import](https://apify.com/drobnikj/mongodb-import) or [MySQL Insert](https://apify.com/petr_cermak/mysql-insert).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explore [Apify Store](https://apify.com/store) for Actors that may help you with integrations, for example, [MongoDB Import](https://apify.com/drobnikj/mongodb-import) or [MySQL Insert](https://apify.com/petr_cermak/mysql-insert).
```
